All right, episode 13 already of the
Lonnie Ryan podcast. Today we have a
special guest. We've got 88. How do you
want to be referred to as? 88 Dave? Dave
>> I want to be known as number one fan of
the Getaway Gang. THAT'S OH.
>> [laughter]
>> YOU GOT YOU GOT ME ALREADY.
WOW.
>> [laughter]
>> World's greatest I watch a lot of the
Getaway Gang. I'll have you know. I was
watching him go to the trailer shows and
look at all the trailers and do the
walk-throughs and I I got a little into
it at that time, too. I ended up buying
a pop-up cuz all the stuff you were
showing was very expensive, but
yeah, I did get a a little travel
trailer kind of sort of, not quite.
>> Did you? I had no idea. You influenced
me.
We Oh, I'm an influencer. You are.
That was our first RV, actually. We
bought a
a really crappy like
$1,000 old like from the early '90s
pop-up. It was terrible.
Yeah, [laughter] it was
We camped in it like four times over the
last five years and now it's just
rotting on my dad's property because I
don't
>> leaking like a sieve, I'm sure, right?
>> that's the thing. You kind of have to
keep them in a garage, which I use my
garage for something else, obviously, so
I can't do that. And it's just in the
Florida humidity, it's just slowly dying
a brutal death. I think I paid like five
grand for it, too. It's kind of a
bummer.
Was it brand new or did you something
you found on like Marketplace? Yeah, it
was on Marketplace. Brand new, they're
like 15, right? Jeez, for a pop-up?
They're stupid. They're stupid prices.
Like, I don't even know why people buy a
new one. I can't imagine that.
And the the problem with them, too, is
like if you have a dog, which I do, that
you want to travel with
you know, she was able to like sneak out
the sides of it. She could like escape
the pop-up. And so that was no good. So
we stopped camping cuz you know, the
benefit of camping to me was always that
you could bring your pets and don't have
to get a pet sitter, you don't have to
pay a hotel fee at the at the pet fee at
the hotel, all that stuff. But when we
realized the pop-up was useless for the
dog, it was just like, well, why are we
even doing this? It's not even worth
doing. So It it a traditional travel
trailer is really good for that because
you can like you pull over and then you
can all go in in the camper and have
lunch
and then, you know, and the dogs and
stuff and yeah, it's it's pretty fun. We
haven't been going
>> to go somewhere during the day, you can
leave the dog in the AC, you know, if
it's hot in Florida. Yeah. Right. But
then we did have a
We did have a thing set up cuz sometimes
it'd be real hot and we had a thing set
up that would monitor the temperature
just in case
the you know, you lost power or
whatever, you wouldn't come back home to
a cooked dog, you know, we would be able
to alert us or whatever, so. It looks
pretty fun. I've been watching like some
content about like people that take old
like Amazon vans and convert them into
like little campers and they're all like
solar powered and stuff. It looks looks
pretty fun. It's like, man, that would
be fun to build one of those. I grew up
camping. I grew up a camper and
I don't know.
I think I would really want to do it in
like an RV at this point, but I don't
want to drive the RV and I don't want to
pull a travel trailer like and I don't
want to have to own a truck. Like
there's so much involved, so much money
involved and it's just like, I'll just
get a hotel room. You know, it just
doesn't seem worth it to me at the end
of the day, so I'll get a dog sitter and
a hotel room. As much as it is fun, it's
just not it's not worth the pain and
suffering.
It's a lot. There's a lot to it.
Yeah, I kind of I like the idea of like
RVing around the country, like in one
that you can like literally not a not
even a travel trailer. I'm talking like,
you know, it's like Class A kind of
thing.
Like that's kind of appealing, but
again, the driving it is a nightmare. I
don't And you got to pull a car
>> [laughter]
>> behind the thing. Talk about stressful.
I don't want to pull a car or a trailer
if I can help it.
Whenever I pull that Whenever I pull
that
travel trailer, I'm white knuckled the
whole time because
every time every time a big truck passes
by, it's like pulls you in. It tries to
suck me in and stuff and I got to like
fight against it and I'm going like I
don't drive over like I think 65
whenever I'm pulling it, so all the
other traffic
by and it's like it's it's it's a lot,
dude. It it's
>> And they've they've lowered the quality
on them so much, too, that you're like
you're pulling like a toy and they got
the little tiny tires on them and stuff
and it's very stressful.
You know, you know, Dave, you you're
good at this, aren't you? Like we had it
we had this podcast kind of loosely we
had a
rough outline of how this is going to
go. Okay. I did not think we would spend
the first five minutes talking about
>> [laughter]
>> uh
about the Getaway Getaway Gang. I told
>> myself I'm not going to run this show.
Like the whole time I was waiting and
then I instantly [laughter] took over.
Go Go with your It's a It's a problem I
have. I'm on a lot of podcasts.
I was going to say though, I don't know
if you saw, I made a little stand for my
Shed Flips Wait, which side is it? I
made a little stand. It's on a little
stand there. The problem is it's not
production ready. It's uh
you know, there's like a little bit of a
gap there. Actually, you should send me
your model. Can you send me your model
and I can make a better one for you? See
how there's like a little bit of a gap
there?
>> Dave's going to start selling stands for
your magnet.
>> [laughter]
>> Wait. Whoa.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
Okay, now you've been here about seven
minutes and you're already
asking for my IP.
No no,
>> [laughter]
>> listen listen. I'm making you a stand
that you can sell, Lonnie, not that I'm
going to sell. I'm going to make you a
stand that you can [laughter] sell if
you want to put it up on your page.
>> All right, fine. But but you know what?
I do want to thank you for a couple
things.
Number one, do you run the Trash to Cash
podcast? Is Are you like
So I'm the villain, yes.
No, you're not the villain. I've been
you know, I didn't To some viewers I am.
>> [laughter]
>> I didn't understand you very well
at first, but I've been watch ever since
I came on y'all's podcast, I pretty much
watch
pretty much all y'all's podcast now.
And I understand you a lot better than I
used to. Okay. All right.
>> I really do. And and the more I've I've
gotten to know you, I'm like, this dude
is really a lot like me.
You know, like to the point where
like I saw you you started talking about
Dungeon Crawler Carl. I'm like, I read
Dungeon Crawler Carl.
>> there.
Did you see what I 3D printed? The
little book the little book holder,
that's Carl pushing his books up with
Carl right there, yeah.
Did you make that or No, I bought the
model. I bought the model. Someone was
selling it for like five bucks. And it
it's Princess Donut, too. You can't see
it. I'll pull it out later, but it's
it's Princess Donut pushing up the other
books.
Princess Donut is a cat, right?
>> a cat. She's awesome.
You should read it, Ryan. What What is
it? What kind of
What kind of book is it? Like what like
what
>> lit RPG.
Lit RPG, so it's like a video game book,
but it's not really. Like it's in the
style like
All right. It's hard to describe this
without sounding like an idiot, but
basically dude goes outside because he's
chasing his crazy cat. When he's
outside, the world collapses in on
itself. Every building squishes down.
Anyone in a building dies. All the items
from the universe or from the world from
the surface become get turned into
terraformed into a underground dungeon
run by aliens who are hosting a Hunger
Games ask show universe-wide
and you can go into the dungeon and if
you do, you have to make it to level 18
to save your planet. Obviously, that
like never happens. So you're following
Carl and his cat who become sentient and
talking very quickly as they level up
through the different levels and get
stronger and stronger. So like literally
there's boss battles. If you ever ever
enjoy video games
and fantasy books, it's the perfect
combination. It's basically an MMO. And
you know what? I Oh,
I'm I've only made it I'm only on like
book
three. Okay.
>> So don't spoil
>> hard. Book three's the I think the
hardest one to get through cuz it's a
little confusing. The that level design
is confusing.
I'm going to do it I'm going to do it
though this this summer because I
normally like to listen to it while I'm
doing yard work and I do a lot of yard
work during the summer, so I'm I'm
looking forward to that. Yeah.
Yeah, I listened to all seven in a
month.
>> [laughter]
>> I got really hooked, yeah.
I don't know what do I even do that I'm
listing? I guess I'm listing while I'm
listening.
Are you that Are you that kind of guy?
You get like fixated on something and
then you just obsess over it. Okay.
>> Yes. Very heavily. It's a It's a really
bad addiction I have.
>> There we go. It's so expensive being
that guy.
>> [laughter]
>> But but I did want to thank you though
because like I was kind of taking jabs
at your 3D printing like if you come on,
you can't talk three I don't know if you
remember me saying that.
>> yeah yeah yeah. But I had tried 3D
printing in the past with the crappy
like Ender type clone machine
>> where they don't even like self
self-level and all and it it was a big
turn-off and I and then I once I saw you
were into it, I'm like, let me take
another look at this cuz if you know, if
if he's doing it, it must have gotten a
lot better. It's a lot better. Yeah,
it's so easy now. I mean, you got to
invest some money and learn a little,
but once you learn a little, it's it's
pretty powerful tool. I already had a
lot of that done a lot of that base
knowledge done from the last time.
But then
I got so I bought two Bambu Lab A1s and
then that magnet back there your mag
Well, you Oh, you did buy yours. That
magnet back there
you helped thank you also because you
helped pay for my printers. My printers
are both paid for, Dave. Nice.
>> Wow. That's what I like to hear. Keep
going. I've paid for five with this
hobby.
>> [laughter]
>> I've paid for five printers so far since
I bought them and I bought them on I
bought my first one on Black Friday.
And just in that time period I've I've
brought in enough to pay for five P2S's,
P1S's, and I've got an H2S. So
>> Wow. I've got one. Ryan
The P2S's are like $900 I think if you
get the combos, I believe. Something
like that.
>> about 900 and I've got
>> This is all just from selling products
in in your What is it? Is it DK What's
your website?
>> DKMKT. Dave's Kitchen Market.
Yeah, so
>> Oh, that's what it stands for. Yeah,
Dave's Kitchen Market. Yeah, so you
know, it's I tell the the reseller
audience it's Dave's Crafted Market with
a K.
>> [laughter]
>> But it's really Dave's Kitchen Market
cuz uh it was that first and it was
actually a district marketplace that I
just I ditched district just cuz even as
an owner you got pretty high fees over
there compared to like Shopify. So
I'm now doing it on my Shopify and and
it's going good. Like I've got a couple
I'm trying to do replenishables. So like
I I'm selling soap just that I can
source cheaply. I sell I've already like
doubled my money on the soap and I have
a lot left, but it doesn't move very
fast. Uh and then I've created like I
did some chip clips that a lot of my
cooking audience will buy from me.
And a little like dock to hold up your
spoon like a spoon holder I designed in
Tinkercad. I'm not a great designer. I'm
still learning and tinkering, hence
Tinkercad.
>> of or have any ideas that you're going
to like kind of keep secret and try to
sell? Or
>> Yeah, I mean I have concepts. So
whenever you're creating a product, you
need a problem, right? And essentially
you need a problem. So I have the
problems. I don't necessarily have the
skills to create the solutions yet. I
need to hone my craft to create the
solutions before I can solve them. I've
been saying the same thing, Dave. It's
all about learning how to design the
stuff. Yep.
>> Yep. It's I mean, if you if you can
learn how to design like really well,
the sky is the freaking limit, man.
Yeah. Because because we all know
problems. And you can do it though. You
can do it in stages, right? So learn a
little bit and then just keep adding to
your knowledge, adding to your
knowledge, and eventually you'll be able
to design cooler and cooler things. It's
just
>> I told that to Lonnie cuz Lonnie's been
on me. He's like, "Dude, you got to get
a 3D printer. Your son will love it."
All this. I'm like, "Dude,
if I buy a 3D printer, I know me, it's
going to sit in the corner of the room
and collect dust for 10 years." I was
like, "I will
I will So I told him, I was like, "If I
come up with an idea for a product, then
I'll buy one because then I'll have a
reason to use it and get into it."
So just a matter of time.
>> just print the Well, listen, I will say
this.
It is now very close to the level of
complicated that a standard inkjet is.
Like it's that simple at this point. It
really is. Maybe like one degree harder.
If if all you want to do and and a lot
of people just do that. They just go
online. There's so many models for free
or whatever. You download them, you
print them.
That's really really really easy. Yes.
>> Honestly. You just have to learn how to
load the filament basically. I mean,
there there ain't that much
>> even when you say that it sounds
complicated. Loading the filament is
putting it into the plastic container,
pushing it down, and then pressing the
button and it just loads. Like it auto
loads. At least on all mine it does. I
think the A1 is pretty auto as well.
Like you push it until it grabs, right?
Right. Yeah, the A1 I just have to push
the button on the you know, and then you
put put it in the tube and it grabs it
and it does does the rest of the way.
It's Yeah, it's it's no effort. It's
I don't think everyone should get one
and I think it's like
you have to have a spot for it too,
right? Like with Lonnie's, if he had his
near a cat, a cat's going to sit on it
all the time. Does the cat get on it?
Okay, cuz I've heard of horror stories
about cats ruining prints. You must have
a pretty good cat.
>> [laughter]
>> And and that's the that's the problem
with with the the kind I have. It's a
lot cheaper. Like the A1's are only
$400 and that comes with the um
the switcher thing. The AMS where you
can do four color.
Um and actually the one I got is like if
we're printing PLA, which is a type of
plastic base the most basic plastic that
you use with these things, you wouldn't
be able to tell a difference between the
results from my A1 printer and Dave,
your H2 whatever. That that's like
>> 1,600 bucks, yeah. 1,600 bucks. But it's
just that's just space. Like I wanted to
be able to print more bulk quantity.
Like when I first launched one of my
things, I was having trouble keeping up
and with that I can print like two of
them without touching it. And it's like
or three of them even without touching
it at all, which is really nice cuz I
was having to change over every three
hours and if I'm not at home, then I,
you know, lose three hours. Like, "Man,
I could have printed four more in that
time." I'm sure you experienced that
with your magnets when you first
launched them.
Yeah, I'm
I can do four at a time. Mhm. And then
we have two printers, so four at a time
on two printers and it takes about four
hours per batch. So each magnet is about
an hour of print time. Mhm. So I can
crank them out, man, if I want to.
You know, I can
>> But you got to be there to replace it.
You got to be there to clear That's the
problem. That's why I wanted a bigger
one cuz I didn't want to have to clear
the bed as often. And that was the main
reason I wanted a bigger one. I mean
Pittsburgh Picker, I don't know if you
remember him, Adam. He
hasn't been doing YouTube anymore. He
did it for He used to do like a live
stream I think every Tuesday night or
Wednesday, I can't remember.
Him and Sarah, his wife. His wife does
like Cabbage Patch Kids. She was like
Daily Cabbage on Instagram. But they
they may mostly do 3D printing now. They
stopped a lot of like they don't make
content. They do They do reselling and
3D printing and they sell their own
products that they design on Etsy and
things like that and they've turned it
into a whole hustle. But they He was
just messaging me. He got the one with
the two different
uh the color, you know, two different
nozzles or whatever.
>> Dual head. Dual heads. Yeah, yeah, and
he said it's awesome. So now that's the
next goal. I got to I got to sell enough
to buy one of those. Those are like
2,200. Something crazy. It's an
addiction. It Yeah, it becomes like,
"Okay, I'm going to get a 3D printer to
make some money." But then you're just
getting money to get more 3D printers
and fill them.
>> [laughter]
>> Right? Yeah, it's so bad.
>> So what was the point? Yeah, and when I
first bought it, like I went filament
crazy. I I bought just spools and spools
and spools of filament to the point
where it's just like stacked up in my
garage and none of it was for a purpose,
right? I have these products. One of the
products I sell is black and green. And
I don't have any of black or green, but
I sure do have glow-in-the-dark blue
and, you know, [laughter] galaxy purple
and like all these other random colors.
Rain rainbow silks and all that stuff,
right?
>> like I'm not printing dragons. I mean,
my my daughter is, don't get me wrong,
and she actually has sold some at
school. Some dragons she printed, yeah.
We We actually Candace does jewelry kind
of on the side. It's kind of a hobby
level thing for now. But like she'll do
markets and stuff, you know? And she
printed out some uh like jewelry holders
and stuff like that. She only brought
like five of them. It's like earring
stands and stuff. She sold one.
Wow. Nice. Very cool.
>> $15. Hey, pays for the ink.
>> [laughter]
>> That's right. I did see
>> yeah.
I did see, Dave, that you you created a
pretty clever product on your 3D
printer. Oh, yeah. The old uh
the the reselling as a business sign.
Oh. [laughter]
Isn't the irony so beautiful? Are Are we
going Are we Are we going there?
[laughter]
It's up to you. I mean, I thought that
was the segue, but
It is. It's a great one. So
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
Do you want to talk about Pegasus Lounge
tonight or not? It's
>> care.
>> [laughter]
>> I will say I did you you featured on his
latest episode. Did you see that? Yeah.
I did. Yeah, I don't know I didn't watch
a whole thing, but you were like at
least the intro. I don't know if you
were anything beyond that.
>> he just put us at the beginning.
Yeah, it
I think You know what I think that was?
I think that was him I think that was
foreplay.
I think I think
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah. All right. He He wants to be on
our show.
>> Foreplay by the Peg? Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, he wants to We're about to get
pegged. [laughter]
The name of your episode with him. We
got pegged.
>> [laughter]
>> I can make the thumbnail. I have ideas.
We [laughter] We
We know We know we're on his radar. He's
definitely on our radar. But what I've
been trying to do is like I've been
watching you guys talk about him and
I've been trying to figure out like what
is Where is the point of contention
that he has
other than like, "Okay,
who cares about the definition of a
business?" Because that that whole
argument right is just like like if
you're arguing over whether something is
something or not,
and you're not first establishing what
the definition of said thing [snorts]
is. Like if you're not going to
establish what the definition of a
business is beforehand and then you're
going to have an argument about it, what
are you doing? Because that's going to
be useless. You got to have that
foundational
>> I will say
we
we did What did we do? We We basically
had AI define like why reselling is a
business technically, tax law-wise,
things like that.
>> Right. And he did take a clip from that
episode, but he omitted that specific
clip, which I thought was really an
interest I don't know if that was
intentional or not, but he admitted the
clip where we said, you know, all the
reasons why it is technically
technically a business. He may not
consider it a business, but technically
it is a business. You file it, you know,
it could be an S corporation, things
like that. There's LLCs, all this stuff.
It is a business. We read all the things
on Chat GPT. I don't remember them. It's
irrelevant, like you said, it's just a
pointless argument, but he didn't put
that part in, which I thought was
interesting. He just put the part in
where I was fooling around and had Chat
GPT say Kevin's better reselling. He's
like, "I'm not a reseller." Well, he
sells stuff and
whatever.
>> [laughter]
>> He's He's not a reseller, but Kevin's
still better. Sorry, Pegasus.
>> [laughter]
>> Just as I don't know what what what does
Pegasus sell? Does Does he sell stuff or
>> I think he makes his own
He doesn't talk about it, but I think
it's in the vaping world. I think he was
big in the vaping world, had a vape
store, all this other stuff. He's
mentioned that. He has as far as I can
tell, he has a lot of contacts and
connects in China. I think he said in a
video that his wife went to Chinese New
Year, which, I mean, that means he's got
if he's going to China or his family's
going to mainland China, they have
connects. And when you have connects
like that, you you can really streamline
product development and in bulk and
things like that. So, I think he has a
really good setup that may or may not be
achievable for everyone. Like, I pretty
sure he speaks Mandarin or his wife
does, that makes a huge difference when
it comes to importing and exporting,
which is something he says he does all
the time. At my job
where I was an Emmy Award Winning
Product Developer, Pegasus, so chill.
>> [laughter]
>> They They We always had people like him
that were our in-betweens
>> Ah. to get our products, get them across
the border, deal with the tariffs, deal
with the actual engineers, make sure
they're designing and changing things to
our specification because we don't want
stuff to get lost in translation. So, I
think he probably does really well
because if you if you have that, it's
great. That's why they say go to college
and study Mandarin because it's hugely
useful to be able to speak uh Chinese
and to have direct contacts and those
people like the the supplier management
people who are talking to uh especially
at big tech companies who are talking to
the people in China, making sure their
teams are doing everything exactly like
the I the iPhones are being produced
properly and all that stuff, those guys
make huge money. Just the product
manager in-between, just like the
supplier in-betweens make like quarter
million plus. Because they're they
they're absolutely necessary.
>> They're necessary. And he does he has
those skills and those connections as
far as I can tell, so I'm sure he does
well. So,
>> not in the same realm of where we're
working at the moment.
>> No, it's not at all.
>> the language.
>> [laughter]
>> But here here's my here's where I'm
confused though. So, so far all I've
heard is, all right, it's some squabble
over the definition of business, who
cares? And then the other thing is
um
you know,
developing your own product and selling
it, like say that that magnet that you
can see just just behind Dave there,
if if Lonnie could just sit around and
like with 20 printers in a print farm
and print Shed Flip's magnets and sell
those all day, every day,
Lonnie would never go to another garage
sale again in his life. Mhm. You know
what I mean? Like, I wouldn't do it. So,
I
That is That is preferable if you can do
it. I completely agree. What else are we
going to talk about? I mean, what is the
other point of contention or is there
one? Well, he needs content. I don't
know.
He finds a way to make it when people
are agreeing with him sound like they're
not pretty often. Like, he'll take
little tiny things and make it sound
like it's a disagreement even if you're
agreeing with him. I do wonder pretty
regularly.
>> wonder like and he might have elaborated
on this. I haven't watched a whole lot
of his videos, so I don't know for sure,
but like I do wonder like why why he I
have seen him say which I I think is
admirable, that he he doesn't do the the
content for the money, right? Mhm.
But I do wonder like so why does he do
the like why does he care so much?
>> You know?
>> He's got a hero complex is what it seems
like. It's not necessarily a bad thing,
but it seems He always At least he says
he does. He says he wants to save people
from the evil grip of reselling
>> successful in in what you were just
saying though, like why does why why
does he care? Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> That's what I would like to see. I like
I would like to see Uh you can miss
>> more detail on on what he's doing. You
can miss me with the Mother Teresa
thing, man. [laughter] I mean, come on.
You know what I mean? Like, let's be
real here. It is interesting, like not
[laughter] even regarding him, but I
think everyone and everything they do,
there is some self-interest involved. Of
course.
>> Whatever it may be. So, I do think, you
know, Yeah.
is it just a hero complex, like he just
wants to save everyone, or is there some
ulterior [laughter] motive? I don't
know. To me, I will say to me like
content there's some content I make just
to make, but there still always is that
revenue number in the back of my head
like, "Hey, even though I'm just sitting
around talking in the garage, this will
make me money." You know, and so it does
motivate me to do it. So, I don't think
you can honestly say you have no
motivation financially to make content.
I don't think anyone can
>> That's fine. I'm just I'm just repeating
what he I'm just repeating what he said
in his own video.
Yeah. It's not a lot of money. Well,
it's like the podcast, the Trash to
Cash. I don't make a lot of money on
Trash to Cash. We do it cuz it's fun to
chat And there's three There's three of
y'all to split the money. Y'all could
all be doing any almost anything else
and it would make more money.
>> And make more money, yeah. No, it would.
It would. But, you know, we do it for
fun, so. Yeah, so do we. I mean, Ryan
and I I could be listing some stuff
right now and it'd make more money than
this. So, he could be like that. He
could just also find it fun to just kind
of you know. Uh it's it's fun to feel
like you're smarter than others, and so
I'm sure he has a lot of like
it probably feels good inside kind of
talking down in a sense. You you know,
talking down at people or towards
people, but He's not He's not wrong
about one thing in in in in the reseller
space, there are a lot of people
that try and make flipping garage sale
items into a little bit
fancier thing than it really is. Mhm.
Yeah. You know.
>> Which we've talked about on Trash to
Cash a bunch of times. Even in the video
he responded to, we reiterated that a
million times. He found a way to do an
hour and a half video about it.
>> [laughter]
>> So, I'm sure he could do a 45-minute
video on this and make it look like we
all hate him, which we don't. We We're
fine with you, Pegasus. It's fine. Um as
far as like the beef, the constant beef,
Kevin and him I think beef a little bit.
Kevin uh is very sensitive. Kevin
I think feels has felt offended because
the way Pegasus says stuff, and he'll
deny this, it can sound like he's
calling people names even if he's not
saying it, just with implication. Like,
it can sound like you're calling me a
[__] without you saying you're a [__]
Well, well, you know, You know, like he
he can't account for people's feelings.
Sometimes they get hurt.
>> Right. I get it. So, do you think do you
think he's going to clip anything out of
this? Because really what we're what
we're doing, Pegasus, I don't know if
you knew this or not, but this is kind
of a up-and-coming podcast channel here.
>> [laughter]
>> Ryan Ryan and I are both We're both mega
stars on our own. Yeah. But this this
thing is pretty small.
>> They need you to mention it. They need
you to do a whole video about it.
>> [laughter]
>> Listen, I will say his video where we
did that So, okay. I will say this. We
did a podcast where we really I I
intentionally came in to play devil's
advocate because I knew Kevin had beef
with this guy. I did research and I
intentionally was playing devil's
advocate
>> Oh, were you? Oh, yeah, the whole time.
I saw that. I mean, I watched Yeah, the
whole time I'm like giving Kevin serious
>> the entire I Yeah, well, and listen,
it's cuz Pegasus is right about a lot of
stuff. So is Kevin, but, you know, I
just thought it would be fun to take
Pegasus' side and really pressure cook
Kevin. But when I was done, I was like,
"Dang it, Kevin, you didn't do as good
as I wanted you to.
>> [laughter]
>> You're going to get cooked."
And I felt bad. I said, "Kevin, man, I'm
sorry." I I don't think he was prepared
for it. I should have told him to
prepare a little bit cuz I think, you
know,
he tried to defend his points, but I
think he was like a little stressed cuz
I had just done like research on it, and
for him it was like months old. This
beef So, he's a little removed from it.
>> he was a little removed from it, and so
I felt a little bad, but since Pegasus
did that video, I have people on my
video saying, "You're so mean to Kevin.
I'm unsubscribing."
>> [laughter]
>> I've lost a bunch of subscribers
cuz they think I'm mean to Kevin.
>> [laughter]
>> Take your pick of any of the Trash to
Cash
uh episodes and man, you get pretty much
tortured in the comments every episode,
don't you? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get
to It's really funny, actually, because
there's channels of mine when you have
as many channels as mine, it's really
interesting because I will get just
flayed, like lambasted, "You're the
worst person in the world." Uh call me
fat, call me lazy, call me a horrible
reseller, and then other channels, every
single comment is positive. "You're
amazing. You made my day." Your cooking
channel, probably, right?
>> all They love me. They They gush about
me, and it's just so interesting. Like,
I I have a theory. My theory is this.
In the reselling world, there is a lot
of resellers who think their way or the
highway, right? The way I resell is the
best way to resell, and, you know,
anyone not reselling my way shouldn't be
giving advice, shouldn't be giving
opinions, shouldn't even talk about how
they resell. Also, if you resell, you're
ruining it for others cuz, you know,
there's not going to be as much stuff
for us to source, there's going to be
more competition. So, they just kind of
hate you organically. But,
on the cooking side, I go in and I say,
"Hey, I'm not a good cook. I'm not a pro
cook. I've never had any training. I've
never had any education. I'm just like
you."
And in the cooking world, they're not
going to do the same thing as the
reselling because it's not a business.
Like you cook for fun. You cook to bring
yourself joy. Reselling is a business
and when they view it as "Hey, this guy
does a business and I don't like how he
does his business." they get very
offended and upset and can really easily
start hating you because you're
spreading the wrong messages of how to
resell and stuff like that and I'm a
better reseller. How come I don't make
money on YouTube, right? There's the
jealousy side of it and all that.
In the cooking world, it's just a whole
different it's a whole different thing.
Like no one's there for business.
They're just there to have fun.
Dude, I I really that's when I really
started to resonate with what you were
what you were laying down over there is
when I heard you turned your comments
off for a while, didn't you?
Yeah. I turned them off for like 3
weeks.
I I've got something to admit around
that. I like
comments
at different times and I feel horrible
because like dude, I've gone
recently even I've gone like up to like
3 months. I'll upload a video
hit publish
I don't look at it again at all. Oh
yeah.
>> And I mean for months and and and it's
not because I don't appreciate people.
It's not because I don't like the like
the people. It's because the anxiety
even dude, even this man, even this
podcast here I'll ask Ryan how the
comments [laughter] looking before I'll
look before I'll even look.
>> a lot alike then, Lonnie. We're a lot
alike [laughter] because I do the same
thing. I'll say "Hey Carrie, how are the
comments?"
You're like "Oh, there's a couple
terrible ones about you."
>> [laughter]
>> When you had
When you had your your comments turned
off, Lonnie was messaging me like and
this came up a couple times just in our
like regular conversation. He's like "I
really feel for Dave right now. I I he's
probably going like really going through
it. I I can totally relate to how he's
feeling right now, you know, cuz you
turned your comments off and uh It's
It's a weird thing.
So
I turned them off.
First of all, my revenue did not
decrease. So if you're ever having your
own issues and you just want it break,
turn them off. It didn't not at all. Not
at all. No algorithm change, no revenue
change, nothing at all. I could have
left them off forever. It would have
been fine. Uh and I looked into this a
lot. Like YouTube just doesn't the algo
is not like Facebook or TikTok. It
doesn't care about comments as much. It
just doesn't. Well, that's like the
channel Outdoor Boys. Ever heard of him?
Massive channel. He had He had comments
turned off like his entire career. He
retired now.
Yeah. And he was huge. Yeah, it's it's
doesn't matter. So the reason I turned
them back on is because I wanted to do
longer dailies. I wanted to have them
last a little longer and having comments
as like ammunition of things to talk
about. Like what people are saying to be
able to go read that and be like "Oh,
so-and-so said this." and it makes me
think of something I can talk about for
5 minutes. I really just wanted to make
longer videos, so I turned them back on.
But really it wasn't even What what made
me do it
>> [laughter]
>> is is not necessarily that my feelings
were hurt. Every now and then my
feelings get hurt. But and I usually
just do my best to not even look or you
know, Tina will clean them up for you
for me sometimes. But there's some too
that don't bother me at all. Like
clearly alt accounts, same stupid
comments every time. Like I could care
less about those. But what got to me was
people complaining and complaining and
complaining that I was working on 3D
printing and that I wasn't working on
eBay and I wasn't listing and that I
needed to go source for eBay. I went and
sourced for eBay and every comment was
super negative. I can't believe you
bought that. You're an idiot. What a
terrible buy. You're going [laughter] to
lose money. And I'm like bro, I just did
what you you can't win for losing. Like
everything I do, you're going to
complain about. Screw you guys. I'm
turning off your voice and obviously
it's not all of them. It's a very select
few. Most of them are great. Right.
Well, it's 1% dude. It's like 1%.
>> It's the loud 1% that just makes you
feel like an idiot every time you do
anything. And and not only that
now that I'm doing daily vlogs, which
come on. Daily vlogs are crazy. First of
all,
it's so hard. And you have to have like
a life. And so you know, my hobbies,
right? I go to theme parks. I go to
movies. I live an hour from Disney and
Universal, right? I have a a season
pass. I have the the pass at the movie
theater. I can go to these places for
free whenever I want and when I want to
wind down, that's what I do. And every
time it's like "Oh, fat boy's at the
theme park again.
>> [laughter]
>> What a man child."
Like that's that sort of crap and I'm
just like Yeah. But but the problem,
Lonnie, is I'm like maybe I won't go to
the theme park cuz people don't like it
when I I'm like wait, wait, wait.
They're not going to define my life. I
am sorry. I don't care. I am going to do
what I want. I'm going to enjoy my life.
And so I was like I'm just going to turn
off comments for a while and not be
affected by comments cuz even if it
didn't offend me, it was swaying me.
Swaying me to go do the big
[clears throat] eBay buy that they then
told me I'm an idiot for buying. What am
I doing here? Second guess everything.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I I think some of it is um
and we may even experience this too.
Whenever you see like just some person
talking on a screen
it's almost like dehumanizing to some
extent. Like in in when I look at my
audience, yours probably same.
I think it might be over 50% now
watching on TV. So it's almost like it's
like we're just like TV characters and
aren't even real and don't have feelings
and lives and hopes and dreams and you
know, all that all that of their own.
And I think some of those people like
look at us like that and don't think and
it's it's tough, dude. Yeah.
I man, I've been at this for almost 10
years, Dave, and it's all
it isn't really much easier on that
front, to be honest. But I think again,
I do think a big part of that and maybe
the resellers listening probably the
ones on this show aren't the problem.
But self-reflect a little bit, guys, cuz
this is not the same way in every space.
Not all spaces are this toxic. Not all
Facebook groups are toxic nightmares
where you post a picture or question
about eBay and you get attacked by 300
people. You manage a Facebook group,
Lonnie. I'm sure you see it all the
time. [laughter]
Just people like horrible to each other
in this community. So often it's crazy.
No, you're right. Absolutely.
>> Such a crazy thing the way people treat
each other and it's because so many of
them view each other as competition.
Right.
>> Business competition. Oh, yeah. I'm one
of those, too. It's always one of these
things too where they're you know,
people trying to prove they know more
than the next guy and you know, it's
yeah.
I I really I I man, I You're right. I I
am
I don't feel like I'm like that. At
least I hope not. I have my flaws, but I
hope I'm not that that toxic type. I
think well, and Facebook is obviously
the worst of the worst. But there's been
times where I've been tempted to close
down the Trash to Cash Facebook just cuz
people were being so horrible to like
new resellers and stuff and I'm just
like why? Can't we just be helpful? You
can't just They ask a simple question
like Google it. Yeah, like have you
Googled it? Oh my gosh, you bought
decorative plates. You're a [__] Like
it's just like come on, guys.
>> [laughter]
>> That's the thing though. Facebook and
like most social media, I guess probably
mostly Facebook, are designed like to
not promote, but
No, they are.
Yeah, I guess promote outrage. Yeah.
Yeah. And like everything is rage bait.
Everything is
like
That's the thing. It like you and
you're you're monetized on Facebook,
right? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like when
you post on Facebook, if it doesn't get
engagement, you're not going to make as
much.
And the best way to get engagement
is to piss people off and or get them to
comment, you know? Walter Blake Knoblock
was doing that for like months just
intentionally posting Yeah, he he was
making a ton. He was doing videos on
YouTube, but he's like "I don't really
care about YouTube. I make all my money
on Facebook posting rage bait for the
elderly."
>> [laughter]
>> He just said it. It's like okay.
He's like that's what I do now and he
just posts like the most horrific like
[laughter] horrible content that's super
divisive. You want divisive, political,
like anything you can do to just
>> [laughter]
>> incite anger and you make tons of money.
And that's you know, I I can't be
bothered. I don't care that much.
>> Just show a picture of an electric car.
That'll That'll do it usually. You can
[laughter] always find something to
trigger half of the people watching.
Always.
>> Anything you can think up like with
these AI videos like it's scary. Like
these AI videos that are on Facebook and
you look like you obviously know what's
AI. Like we all know what AI is. But
then you look at the comments and it's
all these elderly people being outraged
over this fake video that they think is
real. Oh, my favorite I think it was a
I think it was a a school bus about to
fall off a cliff and a bear [laughter]
stops the bus.
Okay? It stops the bus and all the kids
get off safely and literally
>> [laughter]
>> some comment is like "Oh, thank god for
that bear."
No, come on, guys.
>> [laughter]
>> This can't be real.
That's the thing though. But then
they'll comment on the video on that
reel or whatever and then the Facebook
algorithm is going to give them more of
that AI content. So they're constantly
like their entire feed is just fake.
That's why I like
Well, and that it happens to me, too,
because like
I'll be on Instagram and it's the worst
for serving up just nonsense AI content.
But some of the AI content is so dumb,
you almost have to look. Like is that a
piece of butter talking about being a
piece of butter and saying don't burn
me? Sure, I'm going to watch it. Like
But why? Like am I watching a
butter be tortured? Like some sort of
weird butter torture fetish I have. I
didn't even know it was was unlocked
when I watched this video.
>> [laughter]
>> That's the problem. You watch it and
then you're going to be served more of
that content.
>> Yeah, I got an onion recently. The poor
thing.
>> [laughter]
>> At least they cried when they were
torturing the onion. I don't know.
>> [laughter]
>> On that same on that same topic, your
your piece of the shed AI video, I
watched it about five times. Oh, yeah,
that was hilarious.
>> [laughter]
>> I sold a lot of pieces of the shed,
yeah.
I love how I love how you you saved the
day.
I did. [laughter]
Did you make that with Sora? Was it
Sora?
>> Yeah, that was Sora, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Have you messed around [laughter] with
it?
I've never No, I've never used Sora. If
you pay for Chat GPT, you just get it.
Uh like I said, you just
>> Is it part Is it part of OpenAI? Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, really? Yeah, so if you have
Chat GPT, you can just use it for free.
Uh the paid one, I mean.
Right. [clears throat]
Yeah, I think I sold like 10 pieces of
the shed for 10 bucks each, so $100 off
Kevin shed, I'll take it.
>> [laughter]
>> That was so sad. Go to
uh kevinisaliar.com.
That's how you You know what? You know
what's funny is that I I went to buy the
other day I went to buy and Kevin Kevin
mentioned it. I bought the Apparently I
said it wrong. I said enema man.
Uh but then then I heard Kevin correct
correct me.
>> man. [clears throat] Yeah, I don't know
the difference. He sticks both up his
butt, that's all I know.
>> [laughter]
>> There's your There's your title.
Commonwealth picker sticks this up his
butt. There you go.
>> [laughter]
>> Man, I I don't want to get I don't want
to get drug into more beef with Kevin.
I'm done with that, man. I'm done with
that life.
>> and Kevin Yeah, yeah, you guys you guys
have hugged and made up, right?
Everything's good. Yeah, but we've done
that like three times now, and then
[laughter]
it starts up again.
No, well, you have to Okay, so anything
said on the podcast always should be
considered a joke ever. Like anything we
ever say on our podcast is a joke. We
talk trash about each other. I have
gotten in so much trouble from this
freaking Trash to Cash podcast. I have
ruined like seven relationships just
because of the nature People are so
sensitive.
>> [laughter]
>> Like they can't take a joke. I don't
know. There's so many people like I'll
hang out with like locals that, you
know, found me on Trash to Cash, but
then as soon as my silly stupid jokes go
their direction, which are in love. I
lovingly trash people. I'm a kind of a
terrible person in that way. But as soon
as like just like the tiniest bit of
shrapnel hits them, they're like, "I
can't believe you said this." And they
text my wife and say he's such a jerk,
and I'm like, I
And I'll play it back for her. She'll be
like,
"I don't know. It sounded like a joke."
I'm like, "It was a joke." Right.
[laughter]
Wow.
>> I mean, there's a few There's a few that
I have not offended. Thank you. Thank
you, Kaylin. Kaylin's a friend of mine
who I have not offended yet. But uh a
viewer/friend. It's I don't know. I'm
really good at offending people.
And Kevin's really good at getting
offended. So, it's We're a great
[laughter] We're a great pair.
He is He is a sensitive little fellow
sometimes, man. He is. He is. I mean
He's a good guy, though. I think he just
He is. He is. That's why I want to be
friends with him. Kevin Oh, I got to
turn off this notification on my site.
Kevin is a really good guy,
and he also really cares what people
think about him, which I tell him he
shouldn't. I tell him he shouldn't
because he knows he's a good guy. The
people who are close to him knows he's a
good know he's a good guy. Who cares
what some random guy who resells vape
parts from Vegas cares thinks about him?
Like who cares? He's too big Whatever.
He's too big He's too big now to care
that much. Back when he had 20,000 subs,
you could still care that much. But at
his level, and it's only going to get
bigger, it's only going to get worse, he
can't He's going to He's trying to put
all these fires out. There's only going
to be more. Well, you got to ignore some
fires. Yeah, yeah, that's the other
thing I tell him all the time. Like just
ignore it. Like
you know, these things people may talk
trash. Pegasus may make a video. Heckin'
Steve might make a video, but in 3
months it's forgotten. Like it's
whatever. Just It But if you like
>> you crazy. You can't keep perpetuating
it, yeah. If you address it, that's only
kind of fueling it, and it brings more
light to the situation, makes it even
>> of just got to let it go away. Right.
Yeah. You know, you got to relax and
move on. The only reason I've ever even
heard of Pegasus Lounge or watched him
once was because you guys talked about
him. If you guys wouldn't have talked
about him, I wouldn't know that dude
exists.
>> Oh, yeah. And [clears throat] we knew
that. I knew that I would help his
channel by talking about him, but I also
think honestly his business ideas are
not bad. I think it's good for people to
understand the stuff he talks about and
to learn about it.
So, I don't really mind promoting him if
he stays, you know,
if he's not too aggressive aggressively
mean. Like I still don't think the stuff
he said to Kevin or about Kevin was that
mean until the podcast one. That one he
got a little bit aggressive in that one.
But prior to that, it wasn't really that
mean.
But how many people are really like,
"Well, you know, it's
I'm I'm having a hard time deciding
here. I either want to develop a new a
new smartphone and sell it to the world
or go to garage [laughter] sales and
flip stuff." And I'm not sure which I
want to do.
>> think I think like
>> [laughter]
>> that is an important thing he doesn't
talk about enough. Like the barrier to
entry is larger for what he's doing.
>> Right. And he does say that. He mentions
like reselling on eBay is like a
beginner, right? It is. But some people
are okay and and satisfied Right.
>> They're They're okay with going down the
bunny slope and not the black diamond
slope. Like they're okay with it. They
have fun doing it. They It provides what
they need. Like I know a guy Mike Mike
probably watches this show. Hey, Mike,
if you do, Mike Camberelli, Mike Metco,
if you've ever seen him in the comments.
>> a channel member.
He's actually a member of our channel.
Mike is a great guy. Mike does not ever
need to work again. He's retired. He
owned an electrician com- an electrical
company. The dude does not need to work
again. He does eBay for fun. He doesn't
want to go source things, do importing,
exporting, deal with tariffs, deal with
engineers and developers to do it. He
doesn't want to do that. He just wants
to go resell some stuff he finds at
garage sales cuz it's fun for him, and
he makes a little extra money, but and
that's okay. Like different strokes for
different things.
>> like most people
want to do that. Like Like most people,
your average Joe, are not going to put
in all that work on the front end,
invest all this money
into create a product and get all that
lined up just to have a chance at maybe
making a dollar if if the product is
successful, right?
>> And And here's the other thing, and
Pegasus addresses this, but he kind of
makes light of it.
The whole thing where people literally
steal your stuff, steal your ideas,
steal your IP, copy your product.
It's real. It happens, and it happens
almost every time you come up with a
good product. At the company I worked
for, literally every time we come up
with a good product, it was stolen 3 4
months later.
And it would happen even faster if we
got it developed in China. If we got it
developed in China, there'd be a copycat
in 3 weeks. If we developed it in the
US,
it was like 3 to 4 months. Yeah, it's
It's crazy. And And the thing is like
you have one big idea, you come out with
this one big idea,
and it gets stolen 3 months later, you
may not have another big idea. You might
not be an idea factory. And what does
that do to you like mentally,
emotionally? You've now invested money
in this. Maybe you've quit your job cuz
it was so good for the first few months,
and then someone steals the idea,
and you lose half the sales? Or he He
just did that That video with you guys
in it was about this guy losing like
half his sales to a comp- to someone
copying him, and he made total light of
it. And said that, you know, And
whatever, that's fine. That is the game
when you're product developing. People
are going to steal your ideas, and you
have to iterate. And not everyone wants
to deal with that stress
of having to constantly come up with a
new product. [clears throat] Like I
don't want to. There's a reason I'd
rather just 3D print 20 of something and
then never sell it again.
Because, you know, the idea of
ramping up and buying 20,000 because a
lot of times you have to buy big
quantities of things. I mean, obviously
this is after you've done a small
quantity and proven it. Then you go buy
your big quantity. Once you get your big
quantity, you're selling it great, and
then boom, someone comes in at half your
price,
and what do you do then? You have stock,
tons of stock, 10,000 units of stock.
Whatever it is, like there's a huge risk
in any kind of reselling.
And I think that yeah, the the what he's
talking about is is very risky, and you
know, I could be very scary for people.
They don't want to take that kind of
risk. They don't want to be scared.
And he calls things like having
inventory in your garage a risk, which I
guess
there's some risk to that, but I just
think it's a different level of risk.
There's always risk, but not everyone
has the same risk tolerance.
You know?
Yeah, those are some good points.
But let's shift gears a little bit cuz I
don't want to make this the Pegasus
show. Okay. Okay. If we can help it. But
uh
one thing that I've been
even when there's been a little bad
blood with me, you and I have never had
bad blood that I know of. Nope. I don't
think we We haven't actually
communicated that much either until we
>> We talked once, yeah. Once on Facebook
about some crazy dude.
Yeah. Oh, Wayne? Some Florida man Yeah,
Wayne, yeah. Wayne was buying from you,
too? He was, and Lonnie saved me from
him.
I think I remember that. That was a long
time ago. Yeah, that was a long That was
the one time I talked to Lonnie. I'm I'm
still looking uh I'll I'll give a little
more information here as the further
away we get from it, the more
comfortable I get.
>> [laughter]
>> I still Anytime I get an order from
Florida, I just check to make sure it's
not from Valrico.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, yeah. But uh We got to avoid that.
So,
>> Yeah. So, yeah, that was the only time
we talked. We never had beef or
anything. No, no. And then Kevin had
beef with you, and I was like, "It
sounds like you're being oversensitive."
And then you guys did a podcast where
it's He said it was all about him. Maybe
it was. It was you and the What's his
name? RVA?
Yeah. Justin, yeah. Remember that
podcast? You guys did one podcast and
you were like spilling the tea or
something?
Yeah, cancel this. Yeah.
>> he mentioned cancel this. No, you you
said did you say cancel this podcast?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever. I mean, yeah. Yeah. We're not
probably
>> Wait, he thought it was like yeah, I
don't know. I don't know. He thought it
was all about
>> remember what we said and I don't want
to go back and look. No, [laughter] no,
no.
No. It The the the parts that he thought
were about him were about him. Yeah.
He was right. I I found that out later
when [laughter] he came on our podcast.
I didn't I'm like I'm the oblivious guy.
Like people will be talking bad about me
like inferring bad things about me.
If they don't say my exact name to my
face, I don't believe it's about me. I'm
so cocky. I'm like, "Man, it can't be
about me."
Can't can't be about me. There's no way
they're talking about me.
>> [laughter]
>> Just move on with it.
That's not a bad blind spot to have
really though.
>> Yeah, that's pretty good.
Well, Kevin said
Kevin always says some stupid old man
quote about it. Self-aware something. I
don't know. I'll text him and ask him
what his stupid quote is about me cuz he
says I'm super unaware when people are
when I'm like
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> I don't know. I'll ask him what it is.
Go on. What's your next topic? We've
been covering all your topics really
well, right? Like like when you're
getting manipu- He's probably saying
you're easy to manipulate or something
like that, huh? Is that what it is?
>> Yeah, no, I don't know. I'll ask him.
He'll he'll respond.
Okay, cool. But no, what I what I wanted
to ask though
And I I have been paying attention.
You've always been objective when it
comes to me as far as I can tell. Other
than maybe just like a little trying to
get a laugh here and there, but Oh,
that's all I ever do is trying to get a
laugh
>> [clears throat]
>> at my own expense, really.
You know, we we started this your this
is number 13 and y'all are on number
what now? I actually put the number in
today's episode cuz I haven't done it in
a while. I was like, "I'm going to put
the number in this one so I don't lose
too far of track." You know, if I ever
do want to know when we get to like
what is it? 300? I'm not going to want
to go back 80 episodes and count them.
So, I think today's was like Oh, I'll
look right now. 232. 232. That's
impressive. It's a lot of episodes.
Never missed a week. You never have
missed a week?
>> Never missed a week. Kevin has. Me and
Carrie haven't. So, how
have y'all ever almost like
broken up or the podcast ended close to?
Have y'all had like
>> beefs Well, no, listen. So, we've all
had beefs.
I am very
to to my gosh, I could tell you about
the first year with my wife when we were
just boyfriend girlfriend. I am the kind
of guy who if there is something going
on like a beef, I address it to the
incredible discomfort of everyone around
me.
And I will not let it die on the vine
and we've had some some pretty big
issues, yeah. But I always
[clears throat] like
I don't know. I'm I'm obnoxious about
them. I'm like, "Hey, you know, Kevin
said this. Carrie, you said this. Let's
talk it out." Or I I'm feeling this way.
You bothered me when you did this. We
need to talk about it. Like That's
that's a good way to handle it,
honestly. That's probably the most
effective way you possibly could handle
it.
>> It's so uncomfortable
>> It has to be though if you want to But
like
I'm the kind of person like literally I
said this to Kevin the other day. I
said, "Man, I just feel like ever since
this happened when you visited a couple
weeks ago, I haven't been doing this out
of spite. I probably should stop being
spiteful."
>> [laughter]
>> It's just a weird thing about me. I
don't know. Like I just I just address
it. I I like that. You I guess you just
don't like to think of having like these
things just like dangling out there that
are unresolved that could come back and
get you later or something, right?
>> in the room.
>> I had a hard kind of childhood with
one of my siblings. Just
I don't want to get into it, but we'll
just say
one [clears throat] of my siblings was a
difficult child for my parents.
And I had to learn conflict resolution
pretty young. I had to I had to be able
to tackle that in my teenage years. So,
a lot of my childhood was managing
conflicts between a parent and a child
both older than me.
>> [laughter]
>> In my house.
Yeah.
>> Okay. Trying [clears throat] to make it
so the cops weren't called. Things like
that. I mean, I had a weird
I was I remember I was working on
homework
in the bonus room when I was like in
10th grade. My dad's like putting up new
like nice looking planking on the
ceiling. He's like, "Oh, crap." I was
like, "What?" He's like, "Just cut my
finger off."
I was like, "What?" [laughter]
And my mom's like starts screaming, "Oh
my gosh, he's going to die." There's
blood spurting out of his finger. I'm
like, "Where is it?" He's like, "I think
it's on the ground over there." So, I
have to like go grab it, put it in an
ice bag. Just totally calm. I'm like,
"I'm going to call 911." My mom's just
screaming in the background. Like this
is just the kind of random stuff I had
to deal with.
So, you had to be like an adult You had
to be the adult in your family as a
child.
>> of times, yeah.
>> That makes sense with how you handle
stuff.
>> resolution is important to me. Just
resolving stuff.
I'll be honest with you. We played the
the episode about
Kevin is a liar or something like that.
>> That's like every episode, but yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> But it was You own
You own the domain for that. Not Not
that one. Not that one with the shed
video. The one before that. Candace and
I watched it
and like I had serious questions like,
"Oh my god, are these guys done?"
Like [laughter] it looked like from my
perspective, it looked like there was
like serious problems in the in the
trash [laughter] cast house in the trash
cast house.
>> Listen. At that point. It looked bad,
man. It did look bad, right Ronnie?
Good. That's It gets That gets That gets
the views. That gets the views.
>> [clears throat]
>> I'm telling you this. At the end of
every single episode, we we laugh.
We just laugh and we just talk about how
funny that was. Like an episode like
that where you got that feeling, the
first thing Kevin will say at the end of
episode an episode was, "That was a good
one." I was like, "Yeah, that'll get
them."
>> [laughter]
>> They got him. They got him.
>> Yeah, it's just a weird thing. The Oh,
yeah, where he said lie lie lie,
Commonwealth picker is a liar.
[laughter]
>> Yes.
I don't remember what we said. It wasn't
important enough Oh, is that where he
was like
pretending someone else's return was his
return? Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Right. Yeah, that one. Yeah. That one.
Yeah. And you were grilling him, man.
You were grilling him so hard. Like you
were giving him the business. You're
like, "So, it's true."
"So, it's [laughter] true, right?"
You know, it's like
"Wow." I know. Listen, he loves it
because I am the villain and people go
to his channel all the time. Kevin, I
don't even watch Dave. He's so mean to
you. All this other stuff because I
don't care really how my channel does.
My picker channel or my flipper channel,
my Dave IRL or whatever you want to call
it. Doesn't matter. Like I make it for
fun and if it gets views, it does.
There's been months where that channel's
made $100. There's been months where
that channel's made $2,000. It just it
doesn't matter to me. It's something I
do for my own personal edification,
basically. Something I just enjoy doing.
How much longer are you going to be a
reseller, Dave?
>> [sighs]
>> That's a good question.
>> I don't think it's going to be long.
I think it will be. I was talking to I
was talking to Lonnie about this the
other day and cuz I was watching your
cooking channel.
Mhm. And I got to tell you, your cooking
channel's fantastic. Thank you. I
appreciate that.
>> And yeah, no problem. And
I I told Lonnie, I'm like, "Dude,
this is a million sub channel."
And I really believe that. I really
believe that. Yeah. Cuz dude, your
production value, you're funny,
it's relatable. I think you have you
have something big there, dude. But I
wonder if the keto holds me back.
There's just a niche there. I I
I'm I'm so tempted to start a second
cooking channel. Same exact format, but
no healthy recipes. Like no keto.
Because I think that's where the big
There I talk about this a lot, but Is
that all you do there is keto? Keto
meals? [clears throat]
>> Yeah, because that's the stuff that
works. Like Google niched me down
against my will.
>> [laughter]
>> Against my will they niched me down. And
they, you know, when I do non-keto,
it flops. It's like
>> Really? mega flop. Like 2,000, 3,000
views. I do keto and it hits, it can be
100, 200,000 views. So, it's just one of
those things. They've niched me down to
the point where I can't do non-keto
videos.
And so, I am heavily considering
starting a second cooking channel where
I just do
you know, just normal recipes. Same
exact format. Same kitchen. Maybe I'll
do a different color apron. Like
literally that'll be the only
difference.
But and I'll just tell my people like,
"Hey, if you're not always keto, check
this out." That'll help launch it.
And it could be like Dave cooks
everything. I don't know what I'd call
it. Dave Dave on the go. I don't know.
Whatever.
>> [laughter]
>> But I think that's the only thing that
that halts it from being a million sub
channel.
It's been It's been interesting. So, how
did that happen? Did like you just do
one keto video randomly and it blew up?
>> Yeah, so I basically I had varying
levels of success in non-keto. Like Chex
Mix. I Every now and then marry me
chicken. I had like the biggest video on
YouTube for ages on that. Oh, wow. And I
I would try to get like It was actually
really funny because my my son's friend
came over cuz she wanted to cook for
him, right? And so, she comes over to
cook for him and she's cooking something
and she's like, "I don't want to tell
you the name. It's inappropriate." And I
was just tell me. She's like, "Oh, it's
F me chicken."
And I was like, "Is that like marry me
chicken?" She's like, "I don't know. I
found it on TikTok." And it's just some
guy copying my recipe for marry me
chicken. But like he didn't put the
ingredients or anything and I'm like,
"Why don't you just use this video?" And
I showed her my video. [laughter]
It's actually the full recipe instead of
a 30-second video. But um
the the it started off I got viral a few
times from like
cooking around and this is the biggest
mistake people make is they they cook
what they want to cook, not what cook
not what people want to watch. Right.
>> You know, you can't just cook what you
want to cook. You got to cook what
people want to watch. And so I found
success in following the trends. Like if
baked feta feta pasta was a trend and it
was, I do that and it would do well. And
just so happened that the one that blew
up the most was the keto cottage cheese
flatbread.
That is the one that was it was
trending. I said I'm going to try this
trend, it'll be fun. It went wild on my
channel. So wild that it completely
changed my audience to keto. Oh wow.
Like yeah, and so like
>> [clears throat]
>> anytime you have a successful video, I'm
sure you guys
you retry. You try it again. Whatever
title worked at a great at a garage
sale, you're going to try that title
again, right? Or it's a variation of
that title. So the next couple videos I
did cottage cheese keto stuff. Well, you
know, let's take the flatbreads and turn
them into a pizza and let's take the
flatbreads and turn them into a tortilla
and I did this for like a month and that
just totally reconstructed the channel
so that when I went back to like just a
normal viral thing, flop flop flop just
so many flops again and again and again.
Then I went [clears throat] back and did
keto and it did good again. And so now
I've been stuck in keto for like a year
and a half. I mean, I'm not complaining.
I actually kind of like the idea of
giving people solutions where they don't
have them. Like they want pizza, they're
trying to cut weight, they're trying to
get off carbs. If I can give them a
great tasting recipe that'll fill that
void, I think it's cool to provide that.
But I think the audience is bigger in
all foods. If I could just do a channel
about every different kind of food. So
eventually, that's the only thing that I
think that'll hold me back from a
million. I might get there one day
though.
Y'all need to [clears throat] collab one
day. Y'all need to collab sometime. Ryan
needs to like try one of your recipes on
his. What is your cooking channel?
>> Yeah. Uh so I don't do Well, I do I have
done a few cooking videos.
Yeah, I have done a few cooking videos,
but I'm I'm in the food space I'm a food
reviewer, man. What's it called? Can we
find it? Crazy Dreamers. I So
I'm not I'm not on YouTube.
>> I'm not really on YouTube though. I
mostly do Facebook and TikTok.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay.
So not
>> was your channel with your wife a while
back just like
>> Yeah. Dog style, all right? Yeah, I did
start uploading shorts. I did start
uploading shorts of my content on
YouTube there, but
>> Okay.
>> I mean, it didn't really do anything. So
I just stopped. Shorts are hard on
YouTube.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So you're reviewing local restaurants?
Local restaurants and I also do, you
know, like big fast food places and
chains and stuff.
>> try the Arch Burger?
I did. I did a video on the Arch Burger.
>> Did you get sick like I did? No, I
didn't. I I saw I saw you Yeah, you did
a podcast on it, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Crumbs and Convos, yeah.
>> Yeah, no. I I had it like I think I've
eaten it like two or three times even.
I've been fine. Really?
>> Have you tried the new Whopper? There's
a new Whopper. Dan did. I didn't yet. He
said it's not really that different. Do
you think it's that different? Uh a
little different. I think it's better
for sure. Yeah. Okay.
>> I did I did a video on on the Whopper
and that blew up. That got like half a
million views on TikTok. Did you do
little tiny bites?
No, I did the full bite.
>> [laughter]
>> I did a tiny bite for the Big Arc.
>> [clears throat]
>> Okay, good.
Yeah.
Yeah, no. The cooking thing is it's fun.
It turned it started off as like just a
hobby. I was like, it'd be cool if
people watched this. I was really into
the reselling stuff though. The The We
got to get back to Lonnie's question.
Lonnie said, "How much longer are you
going to resell?"
>> I can tell it ain't going to be long
based on your answer so far.
>> [laughter]
>> Here's the problem.
People will [clears throat] say I'm a
terrible reseller. They'll say it all
the time. But every year, I bring in a
lot of money reselling and it's not that
much work. And it's hard to just turn
off the the water, you know, turn off
the flow. Well, maybe maybe you could
just cut out all the mediocre stuff and
stick to the home runs and spend a
little less time on it and still and you
could still make content about that if
you wanted, you know.
>> Yeah,
I'm The problem is like we, you know,
established earlier, I'm constantly
obsessed with a new thing.
Like so it's like, "Oh, I really want to
resell only $100 items." And I'll do
that for a few months. "Oh, I want to
only live auction." I'll do that for 6
months. "Oh, I only want to sell books
and magazines." And I'll do that for a
couple months. And then like I get sick
of that and it's just
I almost find reselling is like an
outlet for me for my ADHD to like just
squirm onto something new but not lose
money. Right? You squirm onto this new
thing and you resell it and you don't
lose money but you get to get obsessed
with it for a little while and that's
that's how I started reselling was to
pay for my video game addiction back in
2013 or whatever it was. Right? I wanted
to pay for video games. I was broke. I
couldn't afford a $60 game. That was
crazy. But I could flip from Best Buy to
Target to to Kmart and then sell it on
eBay and then buy more video You know
what I mean? And then I did Amazon
selling a video game. So So you still
enjoy You still enjoy reselling? Yeah, I
love sourcing. I love
Let's see. I love sourcing. I'm okay
with listing. I hate shipping. That's
kind of where I'm at. [clears throat]
I really hate shipping.
>> [laughter]
>> I I would say like the sourcing is the
best part. Yes, you do. You want to pack
it.
I do. You got anything you I can pack? I
want to pack.
>> over, Lonnie. You [laughter] can move in
with me if you pack my orders.
We'll just 3D print and ship all day.
How about that?
>> Man, and look, dude. Hey, thank you.
Like it's within the first couple of
minutes, I think I'm going to pack it
got its first little shout out on your
pod, man. Yeah. Yeah. That's right.
>> Yeah, I did shout it out.
>> [laughter]
>> The little the little channel that
could. I appreciate that, man. That was
cool.
>> That was that is Wait, that is the
Getaway Gang, you know? So now I started
this one shouting it out first, too.
It's also Garage Flips as well. Right.
Oh, [laughter] that's right. It was It
was Garage Flips. That's right. Maybe I
might have the I might have the same
disease you have, Dave. Yeah. Well, I
will say I I went to a yard sale. This
is interesting. And then it was like a
moment of self-reflection. I went it was
an estate sale actually, not a yard
sale. And I didn't have my camera.
And I bought nothing. And I am telling
you if I had my camera on, I would have
bought at least five items.
>> Yeah. And I thought that was really
interesting. Like you don't even realize
you're you're sort of performatively
purchasing sometimes. Something you
don't really want to resell.
Right.
>> feel like
honestly, I get you not doing the camera
at the yard sale thing cuz it takes some
of the pleasure out of it. All of it for
me.
>> Yeah. It definitely takes some of the
pleasure Not all of it for me, but some
of it it definitely takes
[clears throat] it out because like you
feel like you're you're on display in a
sense.
>> Yes. Yes. And it And instead of hey, can
I can I get both of these for five? It
has to be this.
Now I'm performing and I got to tell a
joke first and you know, you know what I
mean? Yeah. I did enjoy the results of
it. Like I enjoyed the footage after I
got home and I enjoyed making the videos
and I enjoyed the money from the videos,
of course.
Um and I I think I want to try it again,
honestly. I'm going to try it again.
Yeah.
It's It's one of those things like that
stuff
I'll tell you if I if I hadn't if I
hadn't done the cooking channel, I would
have to be way more focused on reselling
because that sort of like garage sale
content, it's not doing what it used to
do. It's just not. Like There's too many
people doing it, right?
>> people doing it that the audience is so
saturated and the the reselling itself
like people aren't as into the content
because well, first of all, everything's
been said a million times. But second of
all, like I really think COVID helped
give a little boom to the industry, the
reselling industry. People working from
home and things like that needing to
find a way to make a little extra
scratch on the side and and those people
like they kind of got over reselling.
They, you know, and they're just not
that into or maybe they're still doing
it for fun, but they're not watching
content cuz they feel like they know
everything they need to know. It is It's
not hard to absorb it all. There's just
the core group people that just like
love talking reselling. That's Lonnie
Shed Flips' audience. Like they just
love talking shop. That's fine, but it's
it's a very limited niche, right? This
I've seen what it is.
>> You know, and it's the same thing with
the garage sales. Like if you have a
mega find, you know, you can't even
guarantee virality anymore from a mega
find. It's It's really just the luck of
the draw.
>> Everything's been done. Yeah.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
I mean, remember Cincinnati Picker got
like a million views just buying like a
table of Funko Pops. It wasn't even
Funko Pops. It was just like he bought
it before the garage sale started.
Remember that one? It was one table
garage sale. Yeah. Justin you Is he
talking about
>> Justin bought the Funko Pops. Yeah, that
he bought the whole thing of Funko Pops
and went viral from that, too. Like you
do a whole table of Funko Pops, people
will be like, "Uh boring. Seen this a
million times. Who cares?" Like it's
just it's all been done. So it's like
really all that's left is
>> [clears throat]
>> uh
I don't know. I wish I would have went
harder in that time period though.
Yeah. Yeah. It was I mean, it was it the
the
>> [clears throat]
>> the competition is fierce now, man, on
YouTube. It is
It is every day I see a new creator that
has like a huge following that I never
even heard of before in my life, man.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah. I see that, too. I'm just like,
"All right. Well, that's cool."
I mean, I I actually launched another
reselling channel. Like a garage sale
and channel. Completely different one.
>> What do you mean?
Yeah, what is it? It's called Found and
Forgotten.
Okay.
>> And I've been doing it for like since
October. Been doing two videos a week on
that, too. What?
>> And uh
it's not doing that well. Don't get me
wrong. It's not doing It makes me a
little money, but it's not doing that
well. Um Actually, it's 3,000 to 4,000.
>> Oh, 3,000 something.
>> It's just literally the same thing,
Lonnie, but like a different vibe, you
know, like a little bit a little bit
more jump-cutty, a little less filler.
Okay, so
what it started off as
Found and Forgotten, the name, okay?
Stuff I found in the past and have
forgotten about. That was the channel.
The idea was take my old videos
and kind of
jump in and out of the footage and say,
"Oh, this is what ended up happening
with that happening with that item 5
years later."
So really it's that. I'm literally
reusing videos from 5 years ago that
I've already published and I'm
commentating on them. And cuz here's the
thing
>> That's smart. Well, I used to go to
trade shows a lot with my day job, and a
lot of the people there were content It
was a content uh trade shows. And so
they'd tell me, "Hey, I love your
videos, Dave, but I really wish I knew
like the end result of all the items."
You can't do that with what we do,
right? We publish a video 2 weeks later,
we maybe list it on eBay.
>> I thought about that before. Like if
somebody was super organized and they
were they had lots of storage, you know,
hard you know, hard hard drive storage
or whatever, and they could organize
that stuff to where Okay, here's where I
pick it, here's where I pull it, here's
where I ship it, here's where I pack it.
>> Yeah. Whole whole life from beginning to
end. [laughter]
>> But you're talking about like 1-year
production time for a video. 1-year
production time. That's the problem. And
so So basically, my idea was with this
channel was to solve that, right? Like,
"Oh, I remember this and I can go look
at my email, go to eBay sale confirmed,
type in the name of the item, and I can
look at the actual sale from 4 years ago
and say, 'Yeah, I sold this on eBay 4
years ago for $26. When I look it up
now, it's not really worth that much
anymore, maybe 15 bucks, right?'" So it
gives a whole story of the item. But
it's also interesting cuz my kids are
like little babies, they're like 5 years
younger, which is kind of interesting.
So there's that aspect of it.
And but I just was curious like if I do
another channel and just see if YouTube
does that random thing where the brand
new channels blow up. It hasn't. But
it's not okay. Like it's making money. I
was just curious if it would happen to
it.
>> [snorts]
>> But it makes me like 3 400 bucks a month
on old footage.
On old footage that's already made me
money. That's that's the intriguing part
about it. That's the thing.
>> this channel out at all or just grow it
organically? [clears throat]
>> So for the first
for the first probably 2 weeks, I put it
in the last 3 minutes of my long-form
picker videos. So like 30-minute videos,
I only talked about it minute 27 to 30.
Right? And it it would be like a really
short kind of thing. The idea was only
get the people who are obsessed with
your garage sales to the point that
they're going to watch them all the way
to the end cuz I wanted I didn't talk
about it on my Dave IRL channel for 3
months.
You know, just cuz I wanted the core to
be just heavy watchers. Yeah. And that
that is what's happened on there,
really. It's like
>> [clears throat]
>> their watcher attention is really good.
Here's what happened, though. And I kind
of screwed myself with it. It's not
really. I think it's okay.
But I had too much footage. In Florida,
picking is nonstop. I'm sure it's
similar where you are, Lonnie. I mean,
you do have some more of a cold season
than me, but it's always nice, right? I
can pick 4 days a week in December,
right? And so I had sourced so much that
I had a What was it? 4-terabyte drive
full.
And in October, I was like I made the
first video like this, right? The old
like reusing old videos. And then I was
like, "Man, I just need to get through
this old footage." So for the next
October, end of October, November,
December, January, February,
I just said I'm catching up on footage.
And I did two videos per channel, Found
and Forgotten and ADHD Dave Picks, per
week of all brand new footage. That's
how much extra footage I had. I didn't
even source for like 4 months. I just
literally was reusing or using this
footage I had never used for that long
cuz I just had so much of it. Now I'm
kind of out of footage. And then you
weren't even like probably hardly
selling anything then, huh? No, not
really. Yeah, I wasn't listing much,
either. Yeah, I was focused on other
stuff. I was doing I got really into
doing integrations for the cooking
channel, like a lot of ad deals in the
last year, and I I burnt all those
bridges. That was fun.
>> [laughter]
>> Wait, what what what what What happened?
What happened?
>> Yeah, tell us about that.
>> don't like having a boss. I don't mesh
with a boss, and uh What companies did
you work with?
You'd rather not say?
>> [clears throat]
>> Um yeah, so I
I mean, you can go watch the video, so
that's not a secret. Like I worked with
Big Horn Outdoor, they make the infrared
steak grills. I worked with uh Resme,
and I worked with Thrive, and
HelloFresh, and all these, you know,
food integration companies. But then I
also worked with vitamin companies.
Yeah, there just came a point where it
was like
the thing that broke me was there was
one company who who said they would pay
me to do eight shorts for them. They
weren't even going to go on my channel.
They were just going to put them on
their own channel. I don't have any
shorts on the cooking channel. So I
don't know why they think I'm going to
be good at making a cooking short. And
I'm like, "Hey, I don't really do this
that much." Yeah, I I don't really think
it's a good fit. They're like, "Yeah,
we're we're fine. You just, you know,
you do them, and you know, we'll just
approve them. No problem. No big deal."
And I've worked with them on long-form
integrations before, and it was fine.
So they had me do eight of them. I spent
like 3 days creating these eight shorts.
I send them to them, they're like, "Oh,
we don't like any of these. You have to
do them all over again." I spent like 80
80 bucks, 100 bucks on like different
meats and foods and recipes and
ingredients
>> was a big thing. Yeah, plus all these
days. And I'm like, "Well, okay. I mean,
you do get two edits in our contract.
You can make two changes." And they're
like, "Well, we want to You want to redo
the whole thing."
I was like, "What do you mean, redo the
whole thing? Like I spent like three And
they would not come off it. Like
to the point where I basically like my
agent wasn't fi- fighting for me, so I
fired the agent, the company. I said,
"I'm done. I'm not doing any more
integrations."
>> [laughter]
>> Wow. I don't blame you. That's crazy.
>> I don't blame you, either, man. That I I
wouldn't do that.
Here's the weird thing, though. Since I
stopped doing integrations, my ad
revenue has doubled.
It's been twice what it was, which pays
which is more money than I was making
from the integrations. So you don't have
to click that little checkbox anymore,
right?
>> the checkbox. I don't have to have a
boss telling me how to do my videos. I
don't have to interrupt the video 2
minutes in to talk about whatever. And
I'm making the same or more money than I
was when I was doing integrations. So
screw them. I don't need them.
I just shot down an offer. Literally, I
got an offer today for $2,400 for a
60-second ad.
And I said no.
I'm good.
>> [laughter]
>> I'll pass. They're like, "Why?"
They they like I don't understand why.
I'm like, I I don't I don't want to do
it. I just don't. I I told them I said,
"Listen, I'll do an ad on my my podcast,
Trash to Cash. Like this is where ads
work really well in a podcast format.
Like we could just chat about whatever,
the infrared grill or the charbroil
grill or the smoker. Like we could just
chat about it. That'd be fine. And it
would be a great ad. But they don't ever
want to do it on a podcast. They want
you to interrupt a really good cooking
recipe to do it for 60 seconds. And I'm
just done with it. Some of the some of
the offers I get on Shed Flips, we want
you to do a standalone video about some
AI product I've never heard of. And I'm
like, "Are you crazy? Do you really
think I would put a standalone video
about that on my channel?" Sexy AI.
>> [laughter]
>> Thank you, sexy AI, whenever I'm lonely.
Shed's feeling lonely?
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, I'm with you, man. I I turned down
Do you remember while about like this is
years ago
when I claimed I turned down $3,000 from
Mercari? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
That was true. No, I know it was true
cuz I accepted it. Although I only
[laughter] got 2,000.
I wish You know what, though? Looking
back cuz
after that, I started selling on Mercari
of all things.
And I still sell on Mercari. Like we do
all right, you know, we sell maybe five
things a week there or something, you
know.
And I'll say this, like they were they
were really chill. They were really
chill to work with. Like they just kind
of approved it instantly. Yeah.
It's And that's the thing, like
you know your audience. You know what
will work. And when they come in and
tell you you need to read like this
byline and this script stuff, you know
your audience is just going to zone out.
So it's like you're forcing me to do
something uneffective that will make
this perform worse. Okay, I'll do it,
but I'm not going to enjoy it, and I'm
going to do it in a monotone way cuz
you're annoying me.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't know.
I can't do it. I don't like doing it.
When I was doing YouTube, I didn't I
didn't take any ads ad like ad spots at
all.
But I've done some since I've been doing
short content, and I feel like with
short content, it makes more sense
because
at least how I feel, like I have a
following on TikTok and stuff, but like
it doesn't feel as
like personal as it is with like
YouTube. So I can take an ad spot and
read a brief and and follow a script or
whatever, and it's not a big deal. And
and and the the videos usually flop,
but the company that I've been working
the company that I've been working with
actually
is boosting the video
after I post it. Yeah, I've seen they
did that before.
>> do get a lot of views and new followers
from it as well while getting paid.
Yeah, but in the end, all you're asking
all you're asking to do is to eat eat
some wings or a burger or something,
Ryan. I mean, there's nothing wrong with
that. You can feel good about that.
>> I love I've been working with Buffalo
Wild Wings mostly, and I love Buffalo
Wild Wings. I always
I've gone there for my whole life. Be
done.
Yeah. That garlic parm sauce is the
bomb. Every other place I go to and get
garlic parm wings, I'm disappointed
they're not the Buffalo Wild Wings one.
Yeah. It The The Buffalo Wild Wings parm
is garlic parm's great.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, you're Oh, I like that part of your
um
I guess we can get back in
>> We're back. I I really like that part of
the your podcast I watched today where
you were talking about wiping your butt
with silk.
>> [laughter]
>> I said it was like peanut butter in a
shag carpet, yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, it's good stuff.
Sorry, we had to take a break, guys. I
was doing a massive poop.
Yes. Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> But
we there was one more topic
we we we wanted to get to today. I mean,
we could go on and on. I knew it was
going to be like this, too. I knew Dave
is like Renaissance man. Like yeah, I
can I can always talk. I'm good at it.
>> Well, no, I mean, you do like 20
different things, man. Like you could
and you could talk about all of them,
you know, for forever.
But um I did want to talk about
something that just came up today and
and and that is potentially
I'm not I'm not going I'm not going to
act like it's a big deal cuz it's not.
But but it's the beef that Trash to Cash
versus Rev Rev Resells. Who's that?
Exactly.
That's the problem.
Oh.
>> That's the problem, Dave.
How many channel members do you guys
have, Dave? Uh
Is that Oh, that might be that might be
proprietary information.
>> Oh, I can find out. You guys have to
understand our channel members, we have
13. Well, he's one of them.
Yeah, 13 members.
>> 13 channel members. No. Yeah.
I thought you were going to say like
a 150
or 300.
>> have a Patreon.
Okay. Yeah, tell us about this. How can
we make more money with our podcast?
>> Yeah, Patreon we have more people on
Patreon. We don't actually like Patreon,
it's just where we started. Patreon
takes less of a cut than YouTube, but
they both take too big of a cut. It's
annoying.
Um
Oh, no. I So listen, the Rev Resell,
who's Rev Resell? This is a running joke
and I get Kevin and Carrie every time. I
did the same thing with
Josh Galt for months. Who? Who's Josh
Galt? Who is Who is that? Right? Like
That's in the book, though, right? In
that Don't they say that in the book?
Who is John Is John Galt? Is that his
name in the book? I don't know. I'm
talking about the the list easier guy. I
know who he is, but his name is taken
from the Ayn Rand novel. Is it?
>> Fountain Yeah, from Fountainhead or
something like that. Is that the name of
it? Yeah, Fountainhead. He Ayn Rand has
two novels. They say
They say who is John Galt?
Ah, okay. I didn't know that.
>> saying who is Josh Galt? Well, it wasn't
from that, but it just I always do this
anytime they talk about Go back and
watch all 200 episodes, you'll see me do
it again and again and again.
It's probably in the 14th episode, who's
Rally Roots? Who's Who's Harry
[laughter] Tornado? Like literally, I've
done it to all of them. They always fall
for it and it's so good because it
triggers Kevin and Carrie so much cuz
like Well, not only did you So So
80 87 [laughter]
Patreons. 80 87 Patreons. Okay.
>> So Rev Did you see Rev put out a video?
Well, I saw he gave us $5 today, so
that's cool. Now I know who he is.
>> said that in the video. He said $5. He
said that in the video. [laughter] He
was like
cuz he was reacting to you saying, who's
who's Rev? And he's like, well, I'm the
guy that is sliding you $5 a month.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, that's funny. Yeah, well, that was
fast. Yeah, look, Rev reacts to Trash to
Cash podcast. Commonwealth Packer
Packer. Ooh, I like that. New name for
Kevin.
>> [laughter]
>> Commonwealth Packer.
Listen, I don't I
Full disclosure, I don't watch reselling
content anymore. I know these people cuz
I've seen their names in our in our
comments. I've seen them in our
Patreons. I've heard Carrie and Kevin
talk about Rev Resell like a hundred
times, but I don't watch any reselling
content except for podcast. I will
listen to podcast. I'll listen to this.
I'll listen to the locker room. I listen
to I listen to my friend's podcast while
I'm driving, but I'm an audio book guy.
I don't even watch a lot of content. If
I watch content, it's usually in the
movie theater. So every now and then I
will listen to some reselling content,
but I'm not watching
any videos about reselling, really. I
watch a lot of cooking videos. I watch
theme park videos from time to time. I
don't really watch reselling videos. So
I know these people just because Kevin
and Carrie talk about them and I see
them in comments. That's it.
That's That's what it is. I'm just not a
a consumer
What's it called? Consumer of No,
consumer's not the right word. Anyways.
So is lowballing immoral?
I don't think so.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't I don't think so. I I don't
think so, either. No.
Kevin talked about this today. I haven't
looked at it cuz I was doing this. I was
doing I did a podcast right before this.
I did a podcast from
>> 6:30 till 7:40 and then I came on this
one.
Oh, the the quote Kevin always says is
this life is not made for those who are
cursed with self-awareness.
Oh, yeah. Cuz I have none. I have no
self-awareness, so that's that's the
quote. That's the super quote.
Yeah. That's what he says. He says he
wishes he had my lack of self-awareness.
Kevin said, let's have Rev on the
podcast. He's entertaining and he pulled
a great audience on Lonnie and Ryan's
podcast. I see he wants to have us on
have him on Trash to Cash. That's
Kevin's response to whatever the beef
is.
>> [laughter]
>> That's good. Rev Rev is a great guy,
man. He really is. I love Rev. And
but I I did like like
I I I heard you I heard your side of
this
Can you Can we define define this this
debate or argument or the question or
whatever? Can we define that? What is
the question here regarding the
negotiations?
>> You're asking me or I? Ryan, you answer
this. Whoever knows. I haven't seen
actually everything yet. So Rev started
like Rev put out a video saying that it
was about reselling ethics or something,
right?
And he said that you should negotiate
with good morals.
You know, like
don't
lowball somebody
like
>> said morals or ethics?
He said So that's the thing. He said
>> Right. He said, don't
He said
He said reselling This is confusing.
>> Right.
He said
He said negotiate with good morals,
meaning
don't like, you know, go and
if you have an item that is
And this is all situational, too.
Of course. But like if you have an item
that's like a hundred dollars worth a
hundred dollars and they're asking five
dollars. Like do you really need to go
in there and
chew them down to three?
I mean
not necessarily, but you can.
>> Dave says yes, you should.
>> yes. I No, no, no, listen. I literally
just said to you guys that I
I said on the podcast my podcast as I
watch and edit these old found and
forgotten videos, I was like brutal with
the negotiation. Oh, you want 20? I'll
give you a buck. You know, like that's
how I was and that's how I think every
reseller is till Not every one, but a
lot of resellers are till they get the
camera on them and then they kind of
have to change their ways a little bit
or they're going to get torn up in the
comments.
But I don't think you have to lowball. I
don't do it anymore, really, because I
get so torn apart in the comments and
whatever, but I think that a smart
business person would always try to get
the lowest possible price for any item
they're buying to resell. That would be
smart.
You think so? Like because
>> So. Think the lower your cost, the
better.
Well Well, I mean, yeah. I I agree with
you and I used to be the same way
in in a one-off
in a vacuum, yes, you should you should
always try and get your lowest price as
a as a professional reseller, you we buy
low, sell high. So you want to buy as
low as possible and sell as high as
possible. And that'll That's your best
result. But we don't actually we don't
actually do this in a vacuum.
We do this in the real world and that's
where
you have your YouTube side of things,
but also, man, like in the past few
years that I've like let off the gas on
that on the like hardcore always got to
get the best price.
Um we've created a lot lot more
relationships with locals than we used
to have.
That may not have come if we tried to
get down to the bone on every single
thing. You know what I mean? Yeah.
>> So there are there are some other
fact You know, there there are some
other things that can happen there if
you're always like trying to chip
everybody down every single time. Well,
this is kind of So for me, I don't
actually do it very much anymore, the
lowballing. Like I wish I was still
lowballing because the old school Dave
was pretty pretty cool. He was a baller.
He was getting the lowest prices. But I
felt inclined in that podcast and this
to fight for the guy out there who does
need every last penny.
>> Right. Who doesn't want to feel guilty
just because they actually do need to
squeeze as much money out of this as
they can to keep going because they're
doing dumb reselling versus what Pegasus
is teaching, which is smart reselling.
And that's that's the argument that
[laughter] I think
>> But he'll he'll clip that.
That's the argument that I think Rev was
trying to make. Like
>> Yeah. If you're in a like say you're a
position, Dave, where you don't need to
chew somebody down the extra three
>> Yeah.
three dollars. Then And if you do,
you're not necessarily negotiating with
with good morals for you personally. But
somebody that that does need that extra
money and is doing that, they're doing
it in good morals cuz like they you
know, they actually do need the money.
Like they're not being just cheap and
trying to
you know Yeah, I think explained that
way. Yeah, explained that way. Makes
sense. Yeah. But when Dave But Dave,
when you gave the example of the real
estate,
you know, like where where you know,
when you buy in a
when you buy in a house, you'd rather
pay 150 than 200. 200,000. You might be
able to afford the mortgage for both,
but you don't want to.
>> Right.
That made a I thought that was I thought
that was a good argument. I thought that
was a very I was like,
"Yeah, he's not wrong, you know?" And
I I don't know, man. I don't know.
>> of it. I can see both sides of it.
And I also think it it it also and this
is probably what he was saying in his
video, which I still haven't watched, to
be fair, but he's probably saying too,
like if you see someone is really
struggling and they're on hard times and
they're doing this yard sale and you can
tell that they really need the money,
it's probably not the right time to
negotiate. It's probably time to just
maybe even give them a little extra, you
know, depending on your position. But I
also don't think people like who are out
there
and and again, not watching his video,
it's not a fair thing to argue with his
points if I don't know them, but the way
Ryan explained them makes it sound like
he probably makes a ton of sense in his
video. I just didn't watch it. I just
heard Kevin say it's immoral to
>> [laughter]
>> to to lowball.
>> the thing. And Kevin texted me and said
he got torn up by Rev for saying immoral
cuz that's not what Rev said. Rev said
do it with good morals, not it's
immoral.
>> Correct.
Correct. Kevin got that wrong.
>> Yes, that's the problem.
>> you go and watch Rev's like response
video that you're talking about there,
he actually would pretty much agreed
with you, Dave. He was on your side.
Yeah. Yeah, I'll watch it. He's probably
mad at me if he if he took it seriously
that never happened. No, I don't think
he is. He likes you guys. He likes you
guys. He likes us. Rev Rev is a little
bit of a cut up, too, and you don't
really know exactly
like you can't I don't think you can
>> Right.
He's a serious person. I'm not saying
that, but
he'll he'll play around and cut up, too,
man. If he if he's really a fan of the
podcast, which he is, and he's paying
the Patreon, then he knows my jokes
about not knowing people. It's it's been
ongoing for months. Okay, so he was
he was pulling my leg then because he
told me
he told me that you should know him
because he sends you $5 a month, but I
think
>> Well, he said it
he said it in the video response video,
too.
He also He also gave us another $5 in a
comment today.
>> [laughter]
>> He's going to make sure I remember him.
Listen, I'm I'm already forgetting
What's your name, something Resale maybe
$1.25, [laughter]
and I'm going to lock it in.
I'm start I'm starting to think we're
getting worked over by the Rev here.
Yeah, yeah, he gets you a super chat,
you know, just pretend you don't know
who he is. [laughter]
But no, man, I I
My my position on it though is I I let
off the gas a little bit on it. I still
I still negotiate pretty hard,
but I don't I feel better about myself
when I don't go when I don't cut them to
the bone.
You know, and so I feel better, me
personally, like inside. I don't want to
do things that make me feel I feel I
feel better about myself. And back in
the day, I used to be like, "Haha, I
saved an extra $40 just asking a dollar
off on each item I bought today, and I
got them. But it probably financially
mattered for you more back then. It did.
It absolutely
>> That's the difference, and that's why I
think every everyone's in a different
spot, you know? For me, if I make the
majority of my money just cooking in my
garage. I don't need to lowball anymore.
I just don't. I so a lot of times I just
say, "Sure." Sometimes I think, you
know,
this could be entertaining if I talked
them down a little, but I don't need to
talk them down, so I don't usually do it
anymore. But I also don't think people
should feel guilty for being desperate
and needing the money, you know? It's
like
It's funny though.
Yeah. I just looked at our comments on
Trash to Cash, and our latest one is
about has your name in it, Lonnie. Oh.
Great. Dude, my money gets that bad
though. It says, "To be fair," I don't
know what they're referring to, "Shed
Flip's water cooler Facebook can be
extremely vile. Not all, but there are a
few people there that are worse the
worst Debbie Downers, so you know how
others feel when they are attacked. A
ton of them are great, and Lonnie has
even said they can be super aggressive."
It's literally just Facebook. That's
like an incomplete thought is their
comment, but anyways, yeah, that's kind
of funny. Top comment here is just It's
not top. No one's upvoted it, but it's
the newest comment. It's about your
water cooler. I told We talked about
that. The freaking Facebook groups are
brutal. All of them are.
They really They're all nightmare fuel.
Dude, we we have a very very heavy hand
there. Like anytime I see someone like
being mean or anything, it it's not even
a warning or anything like that. They're
just gone. Yeah.
>> you're you're just a bad fit. Like it's
not it There's nothing wrong with you.
It's just this is a poor fit. There's
probably 150 other reseller Facebook
groups you can go join. Go find one, you
know?
Dude, we
>> [laughter]
>> we don't do any like so we don't look at
that group at all, the Trash to Cash
Reseller group.
We have We have a guy, New Jersey
Picker, takes care of it for us, Chris.
He does a great job, but he's grown it a
lot.
I don't I I don't know like
the purpose of it
when it's as toxic as it is. I question
that, too. I question that a lot. Me and
Candace have this conversation every few
months.
Yeah.
>> We've come close a few times, I'll be
honest.
>> close, too. Like Kevin won't let me do
it, but I'm like
it What is the value of Like people are
just fighting and being mean to each
other all the time on there, and we have
to monitor it with your name on it.
Yeah, with our name on it. I just don't
know that there's really any value add
to having it. You know why You know why
I do it?
It's because
the only reason I continue to do it is
because I do think it has value,
especially for newer resellers. And I
got I used to get so and I still do get
so many messages from from people that
watch my channel,
and I know I can't answer these
questions. I don't have time to. I don't
want to, either, but I don't have time
to. And I but I do think there should be
some outlet for them, so I'm like,
"Look, I don't have time, you know, I
can't answer these individual questions.
Put it in the Reseller Water Cooler.
You're going to get a nice array of
answers across the spectrum to choose
from, and then those will be peer
reviewed as well.
Whereas if I give an answer to someone
like I email an answer to somebody, I'm
I'm wrong a lot. And you know, like if
nobody else is peer reviewing my answer
like you do in a Facebook group, I could
be steering people wrong. You know what
I mean? You have to be like Chat GPT at
the end of each of your messages just
say, "This message may have mistakes. I
am fallible." [laughter]
So, I feel like I do feel like a lot of
newer resellers, of course, watch
YouTube content, and I just felt kind of
bad not having a place that they could
go to to get those kind because I'm not
going to supply them because I cannot.
Yeah. You know, and I that's the reason
we still run the group. It's because we
feel like we owe it to our YouTube
audience to have a a spot that where we
can recommend, "Go here and ask," you
know?
>> Yeah, I think that's smart.
But in but we I also got
>> it like that.
>> [laughter]
>> I know. I know.
>> Yeah, I should.
>> But it did It did give back though
because that's how I got monetized. I
didn't even know I could make money on
Facebook, and I got monetized on
Facebook because of the the group.
>> Of the group, yeah.
>> Oh, really? Okay, that's cool.
Huh. Yeah. I'm still not monetized on
Facebook for cooking.
Whatever.
How do you post your channel?
The same the same thing. Yeah, it's just
garbage shorts. It's just garbage
shorts, honestly. They're just
AI-created garbage.
>> [laughter]
>> I have enough followers and stuff, yeah.
It's terrible. I don't even watch them,
I'll be honest with you.
Well, Dave, we we Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry,
go ahead.
I I was
>> going to say, yeah, it's just
AI-generated
shorts for my long form, and I got
16,000 followers, and they're just
saying, "Yeah, but what's the recipe?"
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz it's just
It's like 10 seconds of a 40-minute
video. It's like, "Okay." Oh, do you AI?
What's that called? Opus Clip is what I
use. Opus Clip, yep. Yeah. It's gotten
me 16,000 followers, but I don't know.
I'm not monetized, so it's just kind of
I don't really care. That's surprising
with 16K.
>> Once I get monetized, I'll probably
start making better shorts,
but I'm not that motivated right now.
So.
>> Well, Dave, Dave, it we're we're like an
hour and 40-something in. I want to
respect your time. I want to respect our
time.
>> 10-minute dump in there, so that, you
know, it's really a little bit shorter.
>> [laughter]
>> Da- Da- Dave is falling on the sword for
me for some reason. I had to go pee.
>> [laughter]
>> Listen, I was trying to help you. I know
you were. You were. [laughter] I can't
let you
Dave, thank you so much. I've really
enjoyed this, and and maybe in maybe
later on we can do we can do another one
of these cuz uh for sure.
>> Yeah. I I think we're a
We still need Ryan on our show at some
point here.
I'll come on. I'll do any I'll do any
show you guys want. Yeah. All right.
Well, we got to have Rev on first, I
guess. [laughter] Yeah, let me know. To
patch that up.
>> Rev is a fantastic guest, man. You're
not going to be disappointed. Yeah. He's
a fun dude. Awesome guy.
All right, bye, everyone. Subscribe to
whatever crappy channel I'm running.
Bye, y'all. See you guys.